CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Thank You
Thank you for showing interest in contributing to RawTherapee. It is people such as yourself who make this program and project possible.

## Contribute as a Tester
The most useful feedback is based on the latest development code, and in the case of crashes should include a stack backtrace made using a debug build.
- Compilation instructions for Linux:
  - http://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/Linux
- Compilation instructions for Windows:
  - http://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/Windows
- Compilation instructions for macOS:
  - http://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/MacOS
- How to write useful bug reports including how to get stack backtraces:
  - http://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/How_to_write_useful_bug_reports

## Contributing as a Programmer
- Announce and discuss your plans in GitHub before starting work.
- Work in a new branch. Fork if necessary.
- Keep branches small so that completed and working features can be merged into the "dev" branch often, and so that they can be abandoned if they head in the wrong direction.
- Use C++11
- Code may be run through astyle version 3 or newer. If using astyle, it is important that the astyle changes go into their own commit, so that style changes are not mixed with actual code changes. Command: `astyle --options=rawtherapee.astylerc code.cc`

Commit message:

Say a few words about naming "conventions" (#4290)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Thank You
Thank you for showing interest in contributing to RawTherapee. It is people such as yourself who make this program and project possible.

## Contribute as a Tester
The most useful feedback is based on the latest development code, and in the case of crashes should include a stack backtrace made using a debug build.
- Compilation instructions for Linux:
  - http://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/Linux
- Compilation instructions for Windows:
  - http://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/Windows
- Compilation instructions for macOS:
  - http://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/MacOS
- How to write useful bug reports including how to get stack backtraces:
  - http://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/How_to_write_useful_bug_reports

## Contributing as a Programmer
- Announce and discuss your plans in GitHub before starting work.
- Work in a new branch. Fork if necessary.
- Keep branches small so that completed and working features can be merged into the "dev" branch often, and so that they can be abandoned if they head in the wrong direction.
- Use C++11
- The naming isn't homogeneous throughout the code but here is a rough guideline:
  - *Types* (classes, structs, enums, typedefs...) should be named with `UpperCamelCase`
  - *Functions* and *methods* should be named with `lowerCamelCase`
  - *Variables* should be either named with `lowerCamelCase` or better with `lower_underscores` to avoid conflicts
  - *Enum values* should be named with `UPPER_UNDERSCORES`
  - Most important: Be consistent, even when not sticking to the rules
- Code may be run through astyle version 3 or newer. If using astyle, it is important that the astyle changes go into their own commit, so that style changes are not mixed with actual code changes. Command: `astyle --options=rawtherapee.astylerc code.cc`
